README.md, before:

# SYSC4806
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DanGravel/SYSC4806.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DanGravel/SYSC4806)
# PROJECT
**Summary**

Article Submitter submits Article (some attachment, any format is ok). The Editor assigns the article to a Reviewer, and provides a deadline for submission of the review. The Reviewer submits a Review of the article. The Editor accepts/rejects the Article based on the review. The status of the article ("submitted", "in review", "accepted", "rejected") and the review should be visible to the Editor and Submitter. The Editor can list all articles in the system, sort/filter them by status, and highlight/show articles whose reviews are overdue. The Reviewer can list the articles assigned to him/her, and sort them by deadline.

**Current State**

The current features that have been implemented into the system are:
- Login and sign up pages
- Page to upload articles to the system for submitters
- Editor can delete files if they want
- Allow editors to assign articles to a reviewer
- Editor can assign a date for the reviewer to submit a review by
- Reviewers can download the article to look over it and upload a review for the article
- The editor can accept or reject a review

The project also has CI integration with Travis CI. There are unit tests written to help with the process.

**Next Iteration**

The next iteration will focus on testing the UI for bugs and making patches, adding the ability for editors to download the review and completing a full test suite.

**DB Schema**

The DB used by us currently is a memory DB through a CrudRespository. We have created multiple models and made repositories for the models. 
The schema for those models can be seen below (Made to look like a sql database schema):

Table: User
Description: Holds information on the User. The user can have a role of Reviewer, Submitter or Editor.

| Name      | Type    | Key      |
|:---------:|:-------:|:--------:|
| id        | long    | Primary  |
| username  | string  |          |
| password  | string  |          |
| role      | string  |          |
 
Table: Article
Description: Holds Article information. Keeps track of the state of the review.

| Name                 | Type    | Key      |
|:--------------------:|:-------:|:--------:|
| id                   | long    | Primary  |
| filename             | string  |          |
| filetype             | string  |          |
| review               | string  |          |
| reviewDueDate        | date    |          |
| reviewFileType       | string  |          |
| reviewSubmissionDate | date    |          |
| state                | string  |          |   
| date                 | Date    |          |   
| data                 | Blob    |          |
| review               | Blob    |          |

Table: Article_User
Description: Many-To-Many table between Users and Articles. Multiple users will be associated to a file and a User can also have many files hence the Many-To-Many relationship.

| Name        | Type    | Key      |
|:-----------:|:-------:|:--------:|
| article_id  | long    | foreign  |
| users_id    | long    | foreign  |

Relationship Diagram (IntelliJ Generated):

![](Project/UML%20Images/DBDiagram.png)

Relationship Diagram (Hand Drawn): 

![](Project/UML%20Images/DBDiagram%20(1).png)

**UML Class Diagram**
![](Project/UML%20Images/ClassDiagram%20(1).png)

Commit message:

Fixed the readme for this iteration.

README.md, after:

# SYSC4806
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DanGravel/SYSC4806.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DanGravel/SYSC4806)
# PROJECT
**Summary**

Article Submitter submits Article (some attachment, any format is ok). The Editor assigns the article to a Reviewer, and provides a deadline for submission of the review. The Reviewer submits a Review of the article. The Editor accepts/rejects the Article based on the review. The status of the article ("submitted", "in review", "accepted", "rejected") and the review should be visible to the Editor and Submitter. The Editor can list all articles in the system, sort/filter them by status, and highlight/show articles whose reviews are overdue. The Reviewer can list the articles assigned to him/her, and sort them by deadline.

**Current State**

The current features that have been implemented into the system are:
- Login and sign up pages
- Page to upload articles to the system for submitters
- Editor can delete files if they want
- Allow editors to assign articles to a reviewer
- Editor can assign a date for the reviewer to submit a review by
- The reviewer can download the article to view it
- Reviewers can download the article to look over it and upload a review for the article
- The editor can accept or reject a review

The project also has CI integration with Travis CI. There are unit tests written to help with the process.

**Next Iteration**

This was the last iteration. 

**DB Schema**

The DB used by us currently is a memory DB through a CrudRespository. We have created multiple models and made repositories for the models. 
The schema for those models can be seen below (Made to look like a sql database schema):

Table: User
Description: Holds information on the User. The user can have a role of Reviewer, Submitter or Editor.

| Name      | Type    | Key      |
|:---------:|:-------:|:--------:|
| id        | long    | Primary  |
| username  | string  |          |
| password  | string  |          |
| role      | string  |          |
 
Table: Article
Description: Holds Article information. Keeps track of the state of the review.

| Name                 | Type    | Key      |
|:--------------------:|:-------:|:--------:|
| id                   | long    | Primary  |
| filename             | string  |          |
| filetype             | string  |          |
| review               | string  |          |
| reviewDueDate        | date    |          |
| reviewFileType       | string  |          |
| reviewSubmissionDate | date    |          |
| state                | string  |          |   
| date                 | Date    |          |   
| data                 | Blob    |          |
| review               | Blob    |          |

Table: Article_User
Description: Many-To-Many table between Users and Articles. Multiple users will be associated to a file and a User can also have many files hence the Many-To-Many relationship.

| Name        | Type    | Key      |
|:-----------:|:-------:|:--------:|
| article_id  | long    | foreign  |
| users_id    | long    | foreign  |

Relationship Diagram (IntelliJ Generated):

![](Project/UML%20Images/DBDiagram.PNG)

**UML Class Diagram**
![](Project/UML%20Images/ClassDiagram%20(1).png)
